---
title: "Submission Guidelines"
date: 2025-06-23
draft: true
---
# How to make a good entry

We've developed a few guidelines for how to make Nerdy Day Trips
entries more useful, and consistent with each other.

## Title

Use the name that the place calls itself -- i.e. what it says at the
top of their website. This should be available for almost everywhere.
If there isn't an official website, then take your best guess as to
what the locals call it.

Don't use the title to do the job of the description (i.e. "East
Flumpsted Railway Museum", not "Steam Trains!").

## Description

Explain why this place is interesting. What is it, what things to look
out for (if they're not obvious). It's usually more interesting to
have your own description of the place, than simply to copy-paste text
from their own website.

## URL

If there's an official website or page for the place you're adding,
use that. Museums, national parks, shops, and many monuments have
dedicated websites. Otherwise, try to find something that describes
the place, and why it's interesting. (Wikipedia will often do this;
Atlas Obscura is another good place to look).

## Location/address

Try to use the postal address of the place from the official website.
This can sometimes be surprisingly difficult to find. (It's often
hidden away in small text at the bottom of the "About" or "Visit" or
"Contact" pages). Include a street (and number, if relevant), town,
state (if relevant), postal code, and country.

## GPS

If the place you're adding is a single building, drop the GPS location
in the middle of the building. If it's a small area, like a city park,
drop it in the middle of the area, or onto the main attraction.

If you're adding a large area with multiple attractions, such as a
national park, drop the location onto the visitor's centre, if there
is one. Otherwise, pick the most likely main entrance to the park.
